Feature 956 main discussions (#989)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Contributors_Guide/github_workflow.rst

      reviewer, internal contributors submitting pull requests should select
      the appropriate reviewer(s) and let the reviewer know that the pull
      request has been assigned to them. If external contributors are unsure

>       who to assign as a reviewer, create an issue in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      who to assign as a reviewer, create a post in the 
```
I suggest this is changed to be consistent with the wording in the other mentions of the discussions forum.

Author: Great catch!  I'm not sure why I wrote issue... It definitely should be post.  I'll update that now.
